TODO: Reflect on what you learned this week and what is still unclear.
This week's lecture talked about loops. Loops are indispensable for processing data structures such as lists, dictionaries, sets, and tuples. They allow us to access individual elements, modify data, or perform calculations on the data in an organized manner. 

I've learnt that python offers a lot of versatility when it comes to loops as there are multiple types of loops. The "for" loop is commonly used for iterating over sequences like lists, tuples, and strings, while the "while" loop is useful when the loop's termination condition depends on a specific condition. Loops are very useful for repetitive tasks. For example, I can use a "for" loop to process each item in a list or a "while" loop to repeat an action until a specific condition is met.

My tutors helped us understand how to plot the geographical data in our datasets onto a visual map. THrough using "geopandas" we were able to learn more about tasks related to geographic data analysis, visualization, and spatial operations. This was insightful towards our open data project. With geopandas, I can create visually compelling maps and plots directly from geospatial data. The integration with Matplotlib and other visualization libraries offers flexibility in customizing the appearance of maps and spatial plots. This will be helpful towards creating a map for "animal complaints in brisbane" data set- can include map of brisbane suburbs, although I am not too sure on how to implement this into my own dataset. 